# lorem_ipsum
An assortment of Lorem Ipsum paragraphs.

## Sagan
Never in all their history have men been able truly to conceive of the world as one: a single sphere, a globe, having the qualities of a globe, a round earth in which all the directions eventually meet, in which there is no center because every point, or none, is center — an equal earth which all men occupy as equals. The airman's earth, if free men make it, will be truly round: a globe in practice, not in theory. If you could see the earth illuminated when you were in a place as dark as night, it would look to you more splendid than the moon. Astronomy compels the soul to look upward, and leads us from this world to another.

It's a jetpack, Michael. What could possibly go wrong? However, she mistook the drowsy eye alcohol warning for a winking eye alcohol suggestion. We need a name. Maybe 'Operation Hot Mother'. I've always been deeply passionate about nature. Perhaps you remember Neuterfest? Hey, it was one night of wild passion! And yet you didn't notice her body? I like to look in the mirror. I didn't get into this business to please sophomore Tracy Schwartzman, so… onward and upward. On… Why, Tracy?! Why?!! Speaking of settling, how's Ann? It was for me. I was going to smoke the marijuana like a cigarette. Boy, I sure feel like a Mary without a Peter and a Paul. O-kay, who'd like a banger in the mouth? Can't a guy call his mother pretty without it seeming strange? Amen. And how about that little piece of tail on her? Cute! It's so watery. And yet there's a smack of ham to it.

“Reality is fundamentally unattainable,” says Marx; however, according to Dietrich[1] , it is not so much reality that is fundamentally unattainable, but rather the defining characteristic, and hence the absurdity, of reality. But the subject is interpolated into a postsemioticist paradigm of consensus that includes culture as a paradox. The dialectic paradigm of reality states that consensus is created by communication. Therefore, the subject is contextualised into a postsemioticist paradigm of consensus that includes language as a whole.

"What, you think this isn't real just because of all the vampires, and demons, and ex-vengeance demons, and the sister that used to be a big ball of universe-destroying energy? It was the pioneer days; people had to make their own interrogation rooms. Out of cornmeal. Frankly, it's ludicrous to have these interlocking bodies and not...interlock."

Tendrils of gossamer clouds! Globular star cluster explorations permanence of the stars dream of the mind's eye dispassionate extraterrestrial observer, of brilliant syntheses, how far away, Flatland, Sea of Tranquility rogue! Stirred by starlight how far away! Radio telescope hydrogen atoms something incredible is waiting to be known. Science? Consciousness across the centuries made in the interiors of collapsing stars. As a patch of light, Orion's sword quasar cosmic ocean. Kindling the energy hidden in matter muse about, stirred by starlight and billions upon billions upon billions upon billions upon billions upon billions upon billions.

"You bet I'm agitated! I may be surrounded by insanity, but I am not insane. Damage report! Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody. We know you're dealing in stolen ore. But I wanna talk about the assassination attempt on Lieutenant Worf."

I figure, if I'm responsible for the end of the world, I get to name it. Who's calling me? Everybody I know lives here. I saw their production of 'Giselle' in 1890. I wept like a baby, and I was evil! Somebody put her tiny little thinking cap on! My Uncle Rory was the stodgiest taxidermist you've ever met by day. And you know the monkey's just,'I mock you with my monkey pants!' And what's with all the carrots? How did your brain even learn human speech? I'm just so curious. Shh! No programs, don't use that word. Just be.

"Class is dead,” says Foucault; however, according to Reicher, it is not so much class that is dead, but rather the absurdity, and some would say the paradigm, of class. However, the subject is interpolated into a postpatriarchialist dialectic theory that includes consciousness as a totality." Lorizzle ipsum bling bling sit amizzle, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Nizzle sapien velizzle, bling bling volutpat, suscipit , gravida vel, arcu. Check it out hizzle that's the shizzle. We gonna chung erizzle. Fo izzle dolor fo turpis tempizzle tempor. Gangsta boom shackalack mofo et turpizzle. Sizzle izzle tortor. Pellentesque uhuh ... yih!"

"We'll need to have a look inside you with this camera. Leela's gonna kill me. Eeeee! Now say 'nuclear wessels'! And when we woke up, we had these bodies. I've been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope?" "Now that there is the Tec-9, a crappy spray gun from South Miami. This gun is advertised as the most popular gun in American crime. Do you believe that shit? It actually says that in the little book that comes with it: the most popular gun in American crime. Like they're actually proud of that shit. " “But!” ”In connection with this appellative of 'Whalebone whales,' it is of great importance to mention, that however such a nomenclature may be convenient in facilitating allusions to some kind of whales, yet it is in vain to attempt a clear classification of the Leviathan, founded upon either his baleen, or hump, or fin, or teeth."

"Ee by gum. Nobbut a lad. Tha daft apeth. Nobbut a lad nobbut a lad mardy bum any rooad by 'eck. Tell thi summat for nowt soft southern pansy. Where's tha bin ah'll gi' thi summat to rooer abaht tell thi summat for nowt aye. Soft lad t'foot o' our stairs. Big girl's blouse will 'e 'eckerslike nah then is that thine ne'ermind wacken thi sen up." "Secondary fermentation degrees plato units of bitterness, cask conditioned ale ibu real ale pint glass craft beer. krausen goblet grainy ibu brewhouse lagering finishing hops. Trappist, black malt chocolate malt balthazar gravity dextrin saccharification trappist final gravity. Aau scotch ale, adjunct. hops bung infusion, cask conditioning pitching malt extract."

But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth, the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful. Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.

Bulbasaur Ivysaur Venusaur Charmander Charmeleon Charizard Squirtle Wartortle Blastoise Caterpie Metapod Butterfree Weedle Kakuna Beedrill Pidgey Pidgeotto Pidgeot Rattata Raticate Spearow Fearow Ekans Arbok Pikachu Raichu Sandshrew Sandslash Nidoran Nidorina Nidoqueen Nidoran Nidorino Nidoking Clefairy Clefable Vulpix Ninetales Jigglypuff Wigglytuff Zubat Golbat Oddish Gloom Vileplume Paras Parasect Venonat Venomoth Diglett Dugtrio Meowth Persian Psyduck Golduck Mankey Primeape Growlithe Arcanine Poliwag Poliwhirl Poliwrath Abra Kadabra Alakazam Machop Machoke Machamp Bellsprout Weepinbell Victreebel Tentacool Tentacruel Geodude Graveler Golem Ponyta Rapidash Slowpoke Slowbro Magnemite Magneton Farfetch?d Doduo Dodrio Seel Dewgong Grimer Muk Shellder Cloyster Gastly Haunter Gengar Onix Drowzee Hypno Krabby Kingler Voltorb Electrode Exeggcute Exeggutor Cubone Marowak Hitmonlee Hitmonchan Lickitung Koffing Weezing Rhyhorn Rhydon Chansey Tangela Kangaskhan Horsea Seadra Goldeen Seaking Staryu Starmie Mr. Mime Scyther Jynx Electabuzz Magmar Pinsir Tauros Magikarp Gyarados Lapras Ditto Eevee Vaporeon Jolteon Flareon Porygon Omanyte Omastar Kabuto Kabutops Aerodactyl Snorlax Articuno Zapdos Moltres Dratini Dragonair Dragonite Mewtwo Mew

Bring your toy back to the carpet. Bring it back to the carpet. Traffic. It's just a scratch. Get down. I'm not a pervert. I was just looking for Turboman doll. Fugettit, I'm not going to sit on your lap. You got what you want. Give these people air. I've seen you before." "Hodor! Hodor hodor, hodor hodor hodor? Hodor! Hodor hodor, hodor hodor hodor? Hodor! Hodor hodor, hodor; hodor hodor hodor hodor? Hodor, hodor... Hodor hodor hodor? Hodor hodor HODOR! Hodor hodor... Hodor hodor hodor."
